docs: error code documentation page (#1866)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/errors/error-codes.md

# Error Codes

> Here are a list of the expected error code's that can be thrown by the SDK. These error codes are used to help understand the error that has been thrown with potential remedies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a list of the expected error codes the SDK can throw. These error codes are used to help understand the error that has been thrown with potential remedies.
```

> Error Codes | Description

Author: Attempted to put as many remedies as I could given my understanding of their context.

For the combine description and remedies, this is a personal preference but the 2 column view gives the user a quick reference table. 

Happy to separate into 3.

> Error Codes | Description

Reviewer 2: No I'm okay as long as remedies are definitely contained within description.

--- | ---
ABI_MAIN_METHOD_MISSING | When your ABI does not have a main method. This can be resolved by adding a main method to your ABI.
ABI_TYPES_AND_VALUES_MISMATCH | When the arguments supplied to the function do not match the minimum required input length. Check that the arguments supplied to the function, match the required type.

> ACCOUNT_REQUIRED | When the account has not been set for the contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ACCOUNT_REQUIRED | When the account has not been set for the contract. This is required for contract deployment.
```

Author: ```suggestion
ACCOUNT_REQUIRED | When a provider has been supplied to the contract that requires an `Account`. Pass though a `Wallet` or `Account` to the ContractFactory constructor to resolve this issue.
```

Reviewer 2: Will leave to you to commit the suggestion 👍🏻

Author: Changed to

### Description
When an [`Account`](../../api/Account/Account.md) is required for an operation. This will usually be in the form of a [`Wallet`](../wallets/index.md)
### Resolution
It could be caused during the deployments of contracts, when an account is required to sign the transaction. This can be resolved by the following the deployment guide [here](../contracts/deploying-contracts.md).

Reviewer 2: Nice 👍🏻

> CONVERTING_FAILED | When the `bn` function failed to convert a value supplied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CONVERTING_FAILED | When the `bn` function failed to convert a value supplied. Check it's valid input types.
```

Author: CONVERTING_FAILED
When a converting a big number into an incompatible format.
Ensure that the value you've supplied to the big number, is compatibility with the value you are converting to.

Reviewer 2: > compatibility

compatible

But otherwise agreed 👍🏻

Author: > compatible

[511923f](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/pull/1866/commits/511923fe320bbb9c3f691d28bed95c59d8f418b6)

> DUPLICATED_POLICY | When there are policies with the same type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DUPLICATED_POLICY | When there are policies with the same type. A transaction must only contain one of each policy.
```

ERROR_BUILDING_BLOCK_EXPLORER_URL | When more than one of the following is options is passed: `path`, `address`, `txId`, `blockNumber`.
FRAGMENT_NOT_FOUND | When the function fragment is not found in the ABI.

> FUNCTION_NOT_FOUND | When the function with the given name, signature or selector is not found in the ABI.

Reviewer 2: Do we need some extra context here around functions and fragments?

Author: I personally would favour depreciating `FRAGMENT_NOT_FOUND`, as the `FUNCTION_NOT_FOUND` (from what I can see) is redundant. 

Call to `getFunction` (will throw when not found)
https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/blob/19184709f1a0facef9d5d335dcd14e796bb4f259/packages/abi-coder/src/Interface.ts#L62

`fragment` will always be defined after that point
https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/blob/19184709f1a0facef9d5d335dcd14e796bb4f259/packages/abi-coder/src/Interface.ts

<img width="893" alt="image" src="https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/assets/16990131/e1dfbf86-cc5f-4c13-a60a-e9e096172bc9">

Reviewer 2: I'm happy to deprecate if it's redundant, but maybe do that outside of this PR?

Author: That was the plan 👍🏼

INVALID_MNEMONIC | When the mnemonic phrase is not: 12, 15, 18, 21, or 24 words in length.
INVALID_MNEMONIC | When the provided mnemonic is invalid.
INVALID_MULTICALL | When the multi-call has a call that returns a heap type that is not the last call.
INVALID_MULTICALL | When the multi-call has more than one call that returns a heap type.
INVALID_PASSWORD | When the provided password is incorrect.
INVALID_POLICY_TYPE | When the supplied policy type is invalid.
INVALID_PUBLIC_KEY | When the provided public key is invalid
INVALID_RECEIPT_TYPE | When the receipt type is invalid.
INVALID_REQUEST | When the request to the Fuel node fails, error messages are propagated from the Fuel node.
INVALID_SEED | When the seed length is not between 16 and 64 bytes.
INVALID_TRANSACTION_INPUT | When the input type is invalid.
INVALID_TRANSACTION_OUTPUT | When the output type is invalid.
INVALID_TRANSACTION_STATUS | When the transaction status is invalid. 
INVALID_TRANSACTION_TYPE | When the transaction type is not recognized.
INVALID_TTL | When the TTL is less than or equal to zero.
INVALID_TTL | When the TTL is not a number.

> INVALID_WORD_LIST | When the word list length is not equal 2048.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INVALID_WORD_LIST | When the word list length is not equal to 2048.
```

JSON_ABI_ERROR | When the struct name cannot be extracted from the JSON ABI.

> LOG_TYPE_NOT_FOUND | When the log type ID supplied, can't be found in the ABI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LOG_TYPE_NOT_FOUND | When the log type ID supplied can not be found in the ABI.
```

MISSING_CONNECTOR | A connector is required to sign messages.
MISSING_PROVIDER | The provider has not been set for either an Account or a Contract. Use the `connect` method to attach a provider.

> MISSING_REQUIRED_PARAMETER | When neither `inputs` or `filepaths` are supplied (at least one is required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MISSING_REQUIRED_PARAMETER | When neither `inputs` nor `filepaths` are supplied (at least one is required).
```

NODE_INFO_CACHE_EMPTY | When the node info cache is empty within the Provider.
TYPE_NOT_FOUND | When the type with the given type ID is not found in the ABI.

> TYPE_NOT_SUPPORTED | When the type that has been supplied, is not supported by our current coding standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TYPE_NOT_SUPPORTED | When the type that has been supplied is not supported by our current coding standards.
```

UNSUPPORTED_FUEL_CLIENT_VERSION | When the client version is not supported by the Fuel node.
WALLET_MANAGER_ERROR | When the condition is not met.
WALLET_MANAGER_ERROR | When the vault can not be found.
WALLET_MANAGER_ERROR | When the vault type is not found.
WALLET_MANAGER_ERROR | When the wallet is locked.

> WALLET_MANAGER_ERROR | When the wallet address provided, can not be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WALLET_MANAGER_ERROR | When the provided wallet address can not be found.
```
